Document Substitutions In The Descriptor Format (#3426)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/software-catalog/descriptor-format.md

See below for details about these fields.

## Substitutions In The Descriptor Format

The descriptor format supports substitutions using `$text`, `$json`, and
`$yaml`.

Placeholders like `$json: https://example.com/entity.json` are substituted by
the content of the referenced file. Files can be referenced from any configured
integration similar to locations by passing an absolute URL. It's also possible

> to reference relative files like `./referenced.yaml` from the same location.

Reviewer: maybe explicitly mention that they are relative to the folder of the `catalog-info.yaml` file that contains the placeholder

Author: Updated it, please take a look if it's expressed well enough.

Reviewer: Sure is.

There are three different types of placeholders:

> - `$text`: Interprets the content of the referenced file as plain text and embed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$text`: Interprets the contents of the referenced file as plain text and embeds
```

  it as a string.

> - `$json`: Interprets the content of the referenced file as JSON and embed the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$json`: Interprets the contents of the referenced file as JSON and embeds the
```

  parsed structure.

> - `$yaml`: Interprets the content of the referenced file as YAML and embed the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$yaml`: Interprets the contents of the referenced file as YAML and embeds the
```

  parsed structure.

For example, this can be used to load the definition of an API entity from a web

> server and embed it into the entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server and embed it as a string in the field `spec.definition`:
```

(the reason i'm mentioning it like this, is that it can be a bit confusing that the `$` thing is a child inside an object, technically, but the entire object gets replaced in its parent key)
